but day 7 53 in the morning the Colombian football lived the date 17 go to
day of the final against all against all who are already ready 7 of the eight
teams that will dispute the semifinals the eleven classified with an evil
arbitration of hernando buitrago unfortunately there was today in the eleven
I did not need
shot to the center the Medellin
and appears to do on the move aguilar aguilar winning him casierra us
we do not know why he annulled this ball from julián díaz the people very
well for mena the striker marks his sixth goal a goal that was worth the classification
could not drink could not use
the archer could not
one by zero cano the set of eleven caldas and the grass was also classified
He qualified after winning
by the minimum difference in his stadium before the athletic huila the only
annotation of manuel galarcio
will also discuss the rebound of the goalkeeper was there and the ball
entered or did not enter let's see
work clarifies the ball is there and comes to lars and a Chilean average
it looks like it is
but dim complicates
it happened to us and it was classified
the honorific equaled the Boyacá team to zero depends on itself and
sierra ante national in tonga is fighting in ninth place currently the
ball went over it arrived
the team
shark this flower is going to hit him from outside right leg well the
goalkeeper
receiving the ball attention jersson gonzález appears salaira palmira
also mahecha the ball by apparently seemingly out of place the player
of the boy we get into the matches of the teams that fight to be saved from the
promotion the athletic national received a bucaramanga with the need
first of not losing but if he did try to receive few goals and the
bucaro got it
the first move
martel shot with strong released a valence and the soccer ball of a
foot
amazing
need but see how the life of the goalkeeper Juan Roberto was coming from
sisal scorer and save
very well very uneven
the pederast will equal the bucaramanga in points in this fight to save himself from the
promotion but lost by two goals with the america gave and would be playing
against the second team of the b to stay in the professional fp academy
center
and it's lighter
my head coming in very well
what good rotation as it moved around the head and the ball
background centered the hit rebound hit the stick and appears carlos prized
and so they left jaén
will be appreciated if well the center and voted it parties jose
in a match between classifieds tolima sports exceeded equity in
the field and canned
the ball down the right sector came on let pull be
today lives mexico - the colombia team
he threw the center inns
the header from trujillo the football stadium
for the public
of partial 0
the actress explained
the valleys of the ball roll appears head pearl
the two for one in favor of tolima
Quindío and Cartagena will play to meet the eliminated coffee of the eight and the
real absolutely descended the only annotation of the tolosa sun match the
ball can mosquera like almost always i
This player's bolt
and he wants it all the mosquera world shot the ball to the stick
yesterday in the bounce
and does not reach bulls to the scorer another of the plays is good that this match
it was this photo efe the colossal accused
with goal by hernán córdoba for the sporty cali the duck this set
before the sporting cúcuta we are already wings annotations
this game that I teo one by one there we see the play
shoot down
and the notes sinks herman cordoba 1 for 0 silva
three younger brothers so he could because of the defense
the center of the country
the ball stopped
and the Bolivian sent it to keep that good move of Cordoba after stopping
elvis
Diego Cabrera nine goals and Bolivian football Colombia